# The Penisgate Affair

### Vous pouvez lire une version plus récente en français [ici](https://github.com/mmomtchev/velivole/blob/main/L_AFFAIRE_DES_B.md)

I have been fighting the French judicial system for more than 10 years now for a vast criminal affair over what is essentially the penis size problem of one person who seems to have developed an outstanding obsession with my sex life.

More than 10 years ago, I decided to leave an employer after being denied a raise. The company, a sole proprietorship, was run by a guy with a serious problem and something to prove. A few months after leaving, he organized a very serious but completely ridiculous false rape charge against me. He was able to buy off a particularly unscrupulous person in my family and leveraged his connections in the French judicial system to press the charge. I was detained and the charge disintegrated almost immediately. He also organized a very large number of remarkably ugly situations with some of my friends, pertaining mostly to penis size, erectile dysfunctions, premature ejaculation, masturbation, who needs to pay for sex and various recreational drugs. Even if there were also other rape accusations, all of these were completely dwarfed by far by the actual rape charges and the police involvement.

At that moment, my family, a particularly conservative one, facing a potentially very embarrassing and very public trial about a family member receiving payment for a criminal act motivated mostly by a penis size problem, reached the absolutely extraordinary agreement with my former employer to totally cover up the whole affair (*Freud would have recognized that family*).

Little they knew that my former employer planned to solve it by a particularly ingenious method - one that fully matched his motivations and previous act - by convincing me that I suffered from paranoid schizophrenia (or maybe delusion of persecution) by reaching a deal with my next employer (I was an engineer at a mid-size Fintech with $1B of annual turnover), various medical staff, my sailing and paragliding schools at which I was a regular, the police and the court (!!!), and as time progressed, my phone and internet operator, my banks, the neighbors, the security personnel of my residence, my fitness center, various online and offline communities and lately several large and well-known Github projects. He was even able to dig out my long forgotten classmates from primary school so that they can add me on Facebook to post penises on their pages. Very recently, in one very large and very well known Github project (one of the most starred ones on Github), I was receiving various messages alluding to penis size when my PR were reviewed and rejected.

Generally, in almost all of these places, various people would play a game of subliminal messages with penises, Viagra and various elements of my sexual history that that guy was able to obtain from my family.

As it is usually the case with serious crimes perpetuated by a mentally disturbed person, especially sexually-motivated ones, the immense wall of shame that surrounds those cases ends serving the perpetrator.

During this time the court examined my civil lawsuit for criminal libel for the initial rape charges. In order to not blow the whole affair, the court decided to judge the case without hearing anyone. In a completely surreal trial, unseen even during the Stalin era in the Soviet Union, they simply took a decision. I was represented by a very prestigious and well-known Parisian law firm. From that very moment, I was never able to contract another lawyer - all I got was weird excuses, including one all too honest (your lawyer is a friend of mine). At one of the biggest criminal law firms in Paris, I got my regular Viagra phone calls each time I tried to contact them about my affair.

Some very well known and politically-exposed persons in Paris took part in the penis waving - mostly on Facebook and Twitter.

But needless to say, it was at my workplace that the consequences were the most severe. Teamwork tends to become very tedious when you are playing a subliminal game with penises, Viagra and all existing social taboos with the guy sitting next to you.

I did file a number of criminal complaints - none of which ever produced any response except for one - where I met a particularly confident police woman deeply convinced that a man filing a criminal complaint mentioning erectile dysfunction and penis size were surely going be easily convinced to back down. When I decided to show her the few SMS offering cocaine sitting in between all the Viagra - she was instantly gripped by fear and refused to mention it in her report and gave up on trying to gain the upper hand. Never heard from them again.

After all of the professional psychiatrists refused to declare me suffering from schizophrenia, my employer tried extorting me with everything that he learned from the psychiatrists and when they realized that, unlike my sexually repressed family, I was not being intimidated by the threat of exposing my sexual life, they decided to hastily declare me suffering from delusions of persecution and fire me. A practitioner paid by the employer did the evaluation without consulting any of the existing evaluations and without examining me.

By this time, the shame of that affair was overflowing through the roof.

In 2018, after being rebuked a number of times from Parisian lawyers, I sent the whole story to a couple of newspapers and there was finally a lawyer who accepted to sue my employer. He did file a complaint in a labor court, but then cancelled it and tried to convince me that he was waiting for a court appointment. Parallel to this, they tried using my supervisor and all my teammates (I was engineering tech lead in a very large company!!!) at my next job to convince me that everything in my life was normal and there was no need to sue anyone. After failing to do so, they tried once again to convince me that those regular Viagra calls were simply the product of a very aggressive seller. Alas, they had forgot to ask the one calling me to be able to actually sell me Viagra - because when I finally asked to buy some, he simply hung up. Bummer. All those Viagra calls use normal non-hidden French mobile numbers that change at every successful call.

Finally, I decided to represent myself. My previous employer went to court with a case full of mostly filler material - extracts from various judicial reviews, the AGILE manifesto, the result of the investigation of another case of sexual harassment (French law makes it mandatory for the employer to conduct an investigation in the case of allegations of sexual harassment) and an email from a supervisor asking me to do something, taken out of context. I produced the whole email exchange and of course the vast amount of psychiatric evaluations and criminal complaints. I even dared to ask them what happened to the first case - **and to me greatest surprise my employer stated officially during the trial that they and my lawyer agreed that my sexual harassment accusation was not backed by any evidence - so they decided that the best course of action was to lie me that a trial was ongoing!!!**. When I decided to summon the lawyer to court, the bailiff did not deliver the document. When I complained to the bailiff office, they answered me that after considering my case, they found the that bailiff rates were reasonable, but they admitted that he did not accomplish what I had asked for. I asked the local bar association, they told me that they were going to investigate. This was in January 2020 (for the record the Paris bar association is not answering my letters since 2015 - when I explained about the Viagra calls and the empty criminal trial).

Neither my employer, neither the court commented the psychiatric evaluations. The court decided that my employer had a valid reason for firing me - the reason being that I failed to conform to the AGILE manifesto - without elaborating on the exact nature of my shortcomings. In order to make sure I understood the situation, they send me an unsolicited email followed by an immediate Viagra phone call.

It has been mostly for the last two years that the affair has become a real problem. I have been unemployed since my last employer tried convincing me that I did suffer from delusions. I have been getting regular (once every 24h for the last few months) job offers on the condition that I accept to stop speaking about that affair. By now, a very significant number of very large IT companies, including some household names, have accepted to include Viagra and penises in their recruitment process - being reassured that the extortion will succeed and I will eventually stop talking about it - and the situation has become very problematic.

In late 2020, I had to declare bankruptcy, so I decided to sign up for unemployment benefits - which meant that I also had to consider various job offers. All of the companies that did offer me a job did so on the condition that I stop talking about that affair. To make things clear, I regularly got Viagra calls after each interview. This was at the state unemployment agency, mind you!

I have been living with about 1.5 McDonalds meal money per day for almost an year - I still hope that I will eventually find an IT company which values quality work more then penis size. Should you manage a team in such a company, I will be glad to hear from you.